--- Page 1 ---
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
  
Circular  
Department: MEMBER SERVICE DEPARTMENT  
Download Ref No:  NSE/ MSD /69966  Date:  September  02, 202 5 
Circular Ref. No:  41/202 5  
 
 
All Members,  
 
Market Data – Extension of Discontinuation of Existing broadcast parameters in Futures & Options  
Segment  
  
This is in reference to Exchange circulars NSE/MSD/69181  dated July 18, 2025 , and NSE/MSD/6 9328  dated 
July 28, 202 5 regarding introduction of n ew Broadcast Parameters  for market data  in Futures & Options 
Segment . 
 
In the aforesaid circulars, the Exchange ha d announced enhancements to market data dissemination through 
new transcodes for Ticker and Market Index, Market Watch updates, Bhavcopy updates, and Underlying Open 
Interest  and released the new parameters for receiving the broadcast in LIVE w.e.f July 21, 2025. Since then,  
Exchange has  provide d a coexistence phase for receiving broadcast from both existing and new parameters, 
after which Exchange shall discontinue the existing broadcast parameters .  
 
Accordingly, members using NNF may note th at the discontinuation date of coexistence period has been 
extended as below . Members shall ensure readiness of their migration plan before the extended deadline  and 
note that t here shall not be any further extension.  
 
Functionality  Date  
Discontinuation of existing market data broadcast for NNF users (5 depth 1 
second refresh)  October 04, 2025  
(mock)  
 
Please note all other details as mentioned in the circular  (NSE/MSD/69328 ) shall remain unchanged.  
 
For and on behalf of  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Khushal Shah  
Associate Vice President  
 

--- Page 2 ---
 
National Stock Exchange of India  Limited  
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
 
 
General Notes applicable for all types of market data broadcast:  
• The size of broadcast indicated above is an estimated approximation and shall change depending upon 
the market activity. Thus, Market participants are strongly advised to monitor and adequately size their 
infrastructure and systems while subscribing to the se feeds.   
• With respect to using Exchange data, Member’s may kindly take note of Exchange circular s 
NSE/MSD/64333  dated October 03, 2024 , NSE/COMP/56426  dated April 20, 2023 and NSE/MEM/26958  
dated June 19, 2014. Exchange data can be used by Member’s clients who are registered for trading with 
the member on the Exchange in any segment.  
• With respect to using Exchange data, Member’s may also kindly take note of Exchange circular 
NSE/MSD/54696  dated December 02, 2022 regarding Market Data Broadcasts – Advisory and Member 
Guide.  
• Members shall be solely responsible for implementing and maintaining redundancy for market data 
broadcast subscribed from NSEIL. NSEIL shall not be held liable in any manner whatsoever including but 
not limited to for any disconnection, excess bandwidth ut ilization, related latency issues’ etc. which arises 
out of the member’s decisions on market data broadcast configurations . 
• National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSEIL”) strongly recommends its members to build resilience 
and redundancy in their subscription to market data broadcast provided by NSEIL, to ensure continuity of 
their business operations. NSEIL has made enabli ng provisions for members to implement redundancies 
by providing two sources of data and/or data recovery mechanisms. Members shall be solely responsible 
for implementing and maintaining redundancy for market data broadcast subscribed from NSEIL. NSEIL 
shall not be held liable in any manner whatsoever including but not limited to for any disconnection, 
excess bandwidth utilization, related latency issues’ etc. which arises out of the member’s decisions on 
market data broadcast configurations.  Toll Free No  Email id  
1800 -266 -0050 (Option 1)  msm@nse.co.in  
